Now that you have a basic understanding of the need for the
serverless framework and the context of serverless
applications that it falls within,
let's take a look at what we'll be learning in this course.
In Up and Running with the Serverless Framework on AWS,
we'll take a look at the installation of the serverless framework,
the application model that it uses, and the development process.
Then,
we'll take a look at deploying a text notification
website with a serverless HTTP API.
In this, we'll be using plugins, APIs, and third party integrations.
Then, we'll look at scaffolding and deploying our own serverless CRUD APIs.
Specifically, we'll look at how serverless deals with CRUD APIs,
databases, and also how we can test and debug our applications,
especially when they incorporate multiple parts.
And finally, we'll take a look at what is multi-platform serverless,
examine some of the risks that you have when you work with
infrastructure as a service provider,
and also see how we can build multi-platform and resilient architectures,
as well as changing some of our code to work to be more infrastructure agnostic.
In this course, we'll be building out a few examples,
centering around our fake company, The Woof Garden LLC.
For this, we'll have a few different course scenarios that we'll use.
Sometimes we'll be building out services for the company,
or be building out technical components of things that they might use.
We also might be building internal tools that they
can leverage to do different tasks.
So don't be surprised if you see several images of
my pets throughout the course.
As a quick reminder,
while the serverless framework works with many
languages and infrastructure providers,
in this course we'll be exclusively using it with Node.
js on AWS.
Now let's take a quick look at the projects we'll be building with these two in subsequent modules.